[Docs] Add docker command to readme (#1217)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-mcp/README.md

## 🛠️ Get started

> Vizro-MCP can be run in two ways: using `uvx` or using `Docker`. It works with any MCP-enabled LLM client, such as Cursor or Claude Desktop.

Reviewer: Shall we add a link what uvx is? I think it's the first time mentioned here inside the doc, so some might not know what it is.
```suggestion
Vizro-MCP can be run in two ways: using [`uvx`](XXX) or using `Docker`. It works with any MCP-enabled LLM client, such as Cursor or Claude Desktop.
```

> Vizro-MCP can be run in two ways: using `uvx` or using `Docker`. It works with any MCP-enabled LLM client, such as Cursor or Claude Desktop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vizro-MCP can be run in two ways: using [`uvx`](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/tools/) or using [`Docker`](https://www.docker.com/get-started/). It works with any MCP-enabled LLM client such as Cursor or Claude Desktop.
```

<details>
<summary><strong>For Developers</strong></summary>

> If you are a **developer** and need instructions for running Vizro-MCP from source, skip to the end of this page to [Development or running from source](#development-or-running-from-source).

Reviewer: I would leave out the developer part as there might be developers who don't like to run from source and vice versa :) Would just keep it general
```suggestion
If you want to run Vizro-MCP directly from the source code, skip to the end of this page to [Development or running from source](#development-or-running-from-source).
```

> If you are a **developer** and need instructions for running Vizro-MCP from source, skip to the end of this page to [Development or running from source](#development-or-running-from-source).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to run Vizro-MCP directly from source, skip to the end of this page to [Development or running from source](#development-or-running-from-source).
```
Agreed, but would shorten it

> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

**Using `Docker`**

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "vizro-mcp": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "-i",
        "--rm",
        "--mount",
        "type=bind,src=</absolute/path/to/allowed/dir>,dst=</absolute/path/to/allowed/dir>",
        "--mount",
        "type=bind,src=</absolute/path/to/data.csv>,dst=</absolute/path/to/data.csv>",
        "mcp/vizro"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

> > To use local data with Vizro-MCP, mount your data directory into the container. Replace `</absolute/path/to/allowed/dir>` or `</absolute/path/to/data.csv>` with the absolute path to your data on your machine. For consistency, it is recommended that the `dst` path matches the `src` path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> To use local data with Vizro-MCP, mount your data directory or directories into the container. Replace `</absolute/path/to/allowed/dir>` (syntax for folders) or `</absolute/path/to/data.csv>` (syntax for files) with the absolute path to your data on your machine. For consistency, it is recommended that the `dst` path matches the `src` path.
```

- Restart Claude Desktop. After a few moments, you should see the vizro-mcp menu in the settings/context menu:

    ![Claude Desktop MCP Server Icon](assets/claude_working.png)

> ⚠️ **Warning:** In some hosts (like Claude Desktop) the free plan might be less performant, which may cause issues when the request is too complex. In cases where the request causes the UI to crash, opt for using a paid plan, or reduce your request's complexity.

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Cursor</strong></summary>

- Add the above configuration to your `mcp.json` ([see Cursor Settings](https://docs.cursor.com/context/model-context-protocol#configuration-locations)).

- After a short pause, you should see a green light in the MCP menu:

    ![Cursor MCP Server Icon](assets/cursor_working.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Other MCP Clients</strong></summary>

- Add the configuration as per your client's documentation.

- Check your client's documentation for where to place the config and how to verify the server is running.

> > 🐛 **Note:** There are currently some known issues with [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), but we are working on this and hope to have Copilot working soon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
They are gone as far as I know with the latest release!

## Development or running from source

If you are a developer, or if you are running Vizro-MCP from source, you need to clone the Vizro repo. To configure the Vizro-MCP server details:

> **For Claude**: Add the following to your `claude_desktop_config.json` [found via Developer Settings](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/quickstart/user#2-add-the-filesystem-mcp-server):

Reviewer 2: Maybe we skip the specifications for clients here. I think a developer can figure it out themselves. Just the config will suffice no?
